README.md, before:

# [Better Stack](https://betterstack.com/logs) Collector Helm chart

Integrate your Kubernetes cluster with Better Stack.
Collect eBPF-based OpenTelemetry-native traces, metrics, and Kubernetes logs to gain observability with zero code changes.
Ship your own traces, metrics, and logs to Better Stack.

[<img width="2663" height="1176" alt="Telemetry-tracing-hero" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a9b8be6a-d90f-4e8a-9863-3dc06cf0dbb5" />](https://betterstack.com/tracing)

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](LICENSE)
[![End-to-end test](https://github.com/BetterStackHQ/logs-helm-chart/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BetterStackHQ/logs-helm-chart/actions/workflows/test.yaml)

**Tracing reimagined with eBPF & OpenTelemetry**  
Instrument your cluster without making any code changes. Ingest everything at a fraction of the cost.  
[Learn more ⇗](https://betterstack.com/tracing)

## Documentation

[Getting started ⇗](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/collector)

## Need help?
Please let us know at [hello@betterstack.com](mailto:hello@betterstack.com). We're happy to help!

---

[MIT license](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add Better Stack Collector Helm chart

README.md, after:

# [Better Stack](https://betterstack.com/logs) Collector Helm chart

Integrate your Kubernetes cluster with Better Stack.
Collect eBPF-based OpenTelemetry-native traces, metrics, and Kubernetes logs to gain observability with zero code changes.
Ship your own traces, metrics, and logs to Better Stack.

[<img width="2663" height="1176" alt="Telemetry-tracing-hero" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a9b8be6a-d90f-4e8a-9863-3dc06cf0dbb5" />](https://betterstack.com/tracing)

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](LICENSE)

**Tracing reimagined with eBPF & OpenTelemetry**  
Instrument your cluster without making any code changes. Ingest everything at a fraction of the cost.  
[Learn more ⇗](https://betterstack.com/tracing)

## Quick Start

```bash
helm repo add better-stack https://betterstackhq.github.io/collector-helm-chart
helm repo update
helm install better-stack-collector better-stack/better-stack-collector \
  --set collector.env.COLLECTOR_SECRET="your-collector-secret-here"
```

## Documentation

For detailed documentation, see the [chart README](better-stack-collector/README.md).

[Getting started ⇗](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/collector)

## Release Process

To release a new version of the chart:

1. Update the version in `better-stack-collector/Chart.yaml`
2. Commit your changes
3. Tag the release: `git tag v0.1.0`
4. Push the tag: `git push origin v0.1.0`

The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically:
- Package the chart
- Create a GitHub release
- Update the Helm repository index on GitHub Pages

## Need help?
Please let us know at [hello@betterstack.com](mailto:hello@betterstack.com). We're happy to help!

---

[MIT license](LICENSE)
